The Program doesn’t require any external libraries or knowledge to run. Upon running the program the user is requested to choose the file to read and show in a parallel coordinates system. The user then can reorder the axis using the top button or the user can flip the axis using the bottom button. Moreover the user with can filter attributes and display some attributes. The user can do so by simply moving the red bar that surrounds the axis. To select the axis to show in a scatterplot the user just needs to double click in the axis of his/her preference. Double clicking on the scatterplot will reset the selection. 


By using my tool I was able to understand that I understand that cars with high cylinders are also the ones that weights the most(image1), but they also have a lot of horsepower so they are the fastest in acceleration from 0 to 60. Also by looking at the scatterplot I can tell that the cylinders almost directly proportional to the the weight and by looking at the other picture(image2) the heaviest car is not the slowest car.

While by analyzing the other dataset I understand that the effective megapixel don’t really improve the macro(image3) focus range as we can see from image3 and also the normal focus  range (image4) is not improve as well. I also discover that somehow the weight of the camera is directly proportional of the price. So, heavier is the camera the more likely is more expensive.(image5)


Probably without interactivity it wound’t be possible found the same things that I found. Because the fact that I was able to filtering and to select just a simple point was actually really nice. I like parallel coordinate system, but when we are dealing with a big data set as this one not always are meaningful. To be so parallel coordinates system needs a lot of interactivity and not always is enough to show everything the user wants to know. I also think that the scatterplot was actually really helpful and probably easier to read and to track down, but at the same time it was really hard to have an overview of the data . 